chore(framework): finalize the readability for framework components (#644)
invictus-integration/docs-ifa: versioned_docs/version-v6.0.0/framework/installation/index.mdx

<details>
<summary>**Include VNET support <SharedNote/>**</summary>

> Invictus includes network infrastructure to run resources within an Azure Virtual Network (VNET).

Author: ```suggestion
Invictus includes network infrastructure to run resources within an Azure Virtual Network (VNET). Add these required resources to your deployment:
```

> ### An Azure Virtual Network

Reviewer: This reads like these components are part of the Invictus for Azure product and deployment, while they are not. They are prerequisites for a VNet integrated Invictus for Azure environment.

Author: Done in https://github.com/invictus-integration/docs-ifa/pull/644/changes/74653f0e55efc341a9ffb0eb7cadbee4714b4367

> Invictus includes network infrastructure to run resources within an Azure Virtual Network (VNET). Add these required resources to your deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invictus includes network infrastructure to run resources within an Azure Virtual Network (VNET). Add these required resources to your environment before you deploy Invictus for Azure:
```

I wouldn't say add it to the deployment, since that suggest people need to add this to the Invictus deployment.
